Quality of steganography techniques can be measured by magic triangle as shown in Figure 1. Magic triangle carries three sides that are capacity, imperceptibility, and robustness. Capacity is the amount of secret information that can be embed inside carrier file. Imperceptibility is the visual quality of stego file. Robustness is the ability of hidden secret information to remain unaltered even if it is exposed to certain image processing attacks. For imperceptibility check Peak Signal to Noise Ratio (PSNR), Mean Square Error (MSE), and Correlation Coefficient (CC) can be calculated. For robustness check different types of attacks, histogram analysis and entropy can be calculated. However, users try to achieve any one parameter of the magic triangle then that can be obtained easily and it is evident from the literature review also. Problems arise when the user wants to achieve these parameters in combination. When the user tries to improve the embedding capacity then he needs to compromise with the other two sides of it that is robustness and imperceptibility.  On embedding a large amount of secret data, distortion will be introduced in the carrier file resulting in the poor visual quality of stego. The poor visual quality of setgo will leads to exposure of embedded secret information resulting in low robustness. Although researchers and academicians are working on the security system for many years. Still, a lot of gaps and challenges exist in the security system during the online transmission of personal information. To overcome some of the gaps we designed and developed a video steganography technique. The first suitable region of interest is calculated using OpenCV. By embedding personal secret data in the suitable region of interest robustness the good imperceptibility of the stego file can be improved. Embedding of secret information is done in first 8-bits. The value is made odd if 1 occurs and even if 0 occurs in the cover file. Embedding secret information is not a new concept it has been used in different forms for over 1000 years. Physical steganography means the use of the physical medium to carry secret information. In ancient Greece, king select messengers to conceal secret data and save their heads. The secret message is then written on the head of messenger. After writing message hair was allowed to raise back to hide secret message. When hair is long on head of messenger then he was sent to deliver the message. For reading message recipient shave head of messenger and read the message. Then ordinary objects were used to embed secret messages during the 2nd world war. Invisible ink was used to hide information on paper so that the paper appears just an absolute blank paper to a third party. To retrieve secret information liquids such as vinegar, fruit juices, and milk were applied since when each one of these substances is heated, they are dim and became observable to human eyes. OpenCV is launched in 1999 for the detection of the frame from images as well as video. At present, it has many versions and can detect frame in different conditions. It is user-friendly and has a simple user interface. It has a strong library and detects frames based on predefined classes. It can detect frame in 3D videos as well. It handles image transformation, scaling, image filtering, color space conversion, etc. It is open-source and developed by intel. It has its applications in artificial intelligence, machine learning, computer vision, robotics and image processing, etc. It uses different programming languages such as Java, C++, MATLAB, Python, etc. It mainly works on image capturing, image processing, object detection, and object recognition. It represents images into patterns and then performs mathematical operations on these patterns. Its library has more than 2500 optimized algorithms. It can run on windows, mac, Linux, and Android. It has some prerequisites such as Python, NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Matplotlib, math matrixes, and vectors. Implementation is done in Python using a set of libraries. As Python is user friendly and have strong library. Video is taken as cover file because of its large size and dynamic nature. It improves the concealing capacity of the technique as multiple options are available in video to conceal secret information. Image is taken as the secret information. Video is converted into frames and frames are chosen randomly to hide the secret image. Secret image is also converted into binary form before hiding. In part (a) of Figure 3 original frame generated through proposed technique is shown and in (b) stego frame is shown. Both the performance metrics are used to find the difference between original and stego file. Lower is the difference between two images less are the chances of detection of secret information. Figure 5 represent PSNR and MSE values for the proposed technique. Both the performance metrics are used to find the difference between original and stego file. Lower is the difference between two images less are the chances of detection of secret information. Figure 5 represent PSNR and MSE values for the proposed technique. In Figure 6 (a) histogram of original image is shown. The input image is taken in RGB color model. Histogram represents all the three color components which are red, green and blue. The X-axis represent frequency of pixels and Y-axis represent number of pixels in image. Figure 6 (b) represent frequency distribution for the stego image. Lower is the difference between two images less are the chances of detection of secret information from the stego file.  In Figure 6 (a) histogram of original image is shown. The input image is taken in RGB color model. Histogram represents all the three color components which are red, green and blue. The X-axis represent frequency of pixels and Y-axis represent number of pixels in image. Figure 6 (b) represent frequency distribution for the stego image. Lower is the difference between two images less are the chances of detection of secret information from the stego file. This is a test from paper create with a to hide in a image.